[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Voices from the inside out.
Interviews, a different
kind of talk television.
>> You really have to be
careful what you think about,
because see, what you
think about, you become.
You really become.
And that's a very profound idea.
[PHONE RINGING]
>> Mark Glasser's office.
>> Hey, Bill Turner.
Mark Glasser, please.
>> William Turner, Owner and
Founder of the Wisdom Media
Group and the channel you're
watching right now is not
your typical media mogul.
He thinks differently.
So someday, you envision, say,
a Wisdom Television studio
in India.
>> Yes.
Yes.
Wouldn't that be nice?
>> In 1997 after nearly a
half a century in the cable
and satellite TV business
and at the age of 70,
he launched a one-of-a-kind
media enterprise.
Its prime component,
Wisdom Television
is the only TV network out of
scores of new channels devoted
solely to personal growth,
social consciousness,
and healthier living.
How important is it to
you to hold the vision
of these things happening?
>> Oh, it's important.
Otherwise, it never happens.
>> Although a year ago he was
diagnosed with lymphoma and is
still being treated
with chemotherapy,
he has not lost one ounce of
enthusiasm for his vision.
In fact, he's fond of saying
that his personal goal is
to bring wisdom into
every home on the planet.
And believe me, Mr.
Turner means it.
And did people think
you were crazy?
>> Oh, yeah.
Yes.
They thought we were crazy.
I mean, they said, Turner,
what are you doing?
I said, well, I'm installing the
infrastructure for a satellite
television channel.
Well, what is it going to be?
I said, it's going to be wisdom.
Well, what's that?
I said, well, go look it up.
[LAUGH]
You know?
And because I felt like
that was the right name,
and we were on our path.
And we'd pay for it
all, and it grew.
And now it's a 24-hour network,
and the radio is also 24 hours.
We're on the internet, and
we're developing a catalog.
That catalog's already
developed with another company.
We're going to build
stores, wisdom stores
around the country, hopefully.
We haven't started it yet.
We've got a wisdom
call center, and we've
got over 500 employees.
>> What do you suppose it was
that allowed you to keep going?
Because I imagine there was
more than just a handful
of people who said,
Turner, you're nuts.
>> Yeah.
>> But you kept going.
There was something within you.
That's what I want to
hear you talk about.
>> I never really pay too much
attention to people who tell me
I'm nuts.
I just say, well, you know,
if that's the way you see it,
you see it.
I see it differently, you know?
So I never allow
that to bother me.
And I learned, you know, over
the last maybe 15, 20 years,
you just don't allow
other people to upset you
or to get to you or
to make you angry,
although I had trouble
developing that over the years.
And now, today, what I feel we
should do with our young people
is to train them to not allow
other people to get to them,
make them angry, or
upset them in any way,
and become detached.
You know, all of these things
that I've done in my life--
not in my life, but in
the last few years anyway,
I have kind of detached
myself from it.
You know what I mean?
>> From it, stress?
>> Yeah.
That's correct.
You see, if you have to
have something, it owns you.
You don't own it.
>> Yes.
>> It owns you.
And you are controlled
by it, whatever it is.
So if you can just
detach yourself
from your automobile or your
home or your business or a deal
that you're about to make--
you say, well, if
it works out, great.
If it doesn't, we're OK.
>> I like the idea,
and I want to do it,
and I think a lot of people
watching this broadcast want
to do it.
But you've done it.
So let's talk
about how to do it.
It's very easy to
say, well, just
detach yourself from stress.
Let's talk about
your techniques.
Because clearly, on you
and for you, it works.
>> Yeah.
>> So what did you do?
>> You really have to be
careful what you think about,
because see, what you
think about, you become.
You really become.
And that's a very
profound idea, statement,
is that Earl Nightingale
said the strangest
secret is that you become
what you think about all day.
And in the Bible, it says, "As
a man thinketh in his heart,
so is he."
And I've studied the power
of your subconscious mind.
And you've got a conscious mind.
You've got a subconscious.
And what you consciously
think about every day
eventually sinks into
your subconscious,
and then you become that,
whatever it is, good or bad.
>> Illness, for example.
>> Yes.
Yes.
You can create your illness.
You can create your health.
You can create wealth
by the way you think.
You do not become wealthy
by thinking poverty thoughts
or thinking about being poor.
You know, I'm just going
to be poor all my life.
If you think those
kind of thoughts,
then you will be that.
So we know how the mind works.
Now, and since you have a
conscious and subconscious
and what you consciously
focus on, you become--
so why can't we now start
out training our young people
to think kind thoughts, good
thoughts, loving thoughts,
take responsibility thoughts,
and helping other people?
And that's the kind of thinking
that if we can get ourselves
to doing, then we become that.
Our children can become that.
And you know, as an example, you
know, we've got our grandson.
He's nine years old now.
He was three months
premature, and no one
expected him to live.
[SIGH]
My wife and his mother,
Trish, when he was born,
they stayed with
him 24 hours a day
in intensive care
for six months.
My wife played semi-classical
music with a little cassette
player beside him.
They touched him every day,
stroked him a little bit.
Just touched him, talked to him.
And he grew, and he
grew, and he's fine now.
Later, I learned-- I've listened
to Deepak Chopra's tapes.
One day, he was
talking about preemies.
And he says, if you stroke
a preemie three times a day
for 10 minutes, they
grow 49% more per day.
And my wife and his mother,
Trish, stroked him every day,
you know, several times.
And I'm sure he
grew more than that.
And they call it kinesthetic
tactile stimulation.
God forbid, call it love.
You know--
>> I was thinking
that very same thing.
>> Exactly.
And I can feel what he felt,
because he felt like something
outside loved him.
And he just wanted to grow
and find out what it--
you know, and he's fine.
He's fine.
He's doing great.
He's such a lovable
little fellow.
You know, he comes up to
me every one in a while
and he says, Grandpa,
I need a hug.
I said, I do too.
So we hug.
And he does this to his
grandma and to his mother
and to everybody.
And one day, he
was five years old.
I was in my office, and I
was looking at my stock.
You know, I invest
in the stock market.
And I was-- all my charts
were on four screens.
And I had, you know,
like, 24 charts on there.
And he usually comes
in and plays with them
and moves them around,
and I let him do that.
And one day, he was moving the
mouse and he was clicking it,
and he got my charts off.
And it took me an hour to
get them back, you know?
And the next time he
came in, he was doing it.
I said, no, Dustin, like that.
He looked at me, and
tears came to his eyes.
And I said, Dustin,
what's wrong, honey?
He says, Grandpa,
you hurt my feelings.
I said, oh, come on.
There's no way I can
hurt your feelings
without your permission.
I said, it's how
you processed it.
You know, his tears dried up.
And a couple days
later he came back in,
and he put his hands
on his shoulder.
He says, Grandpa, you
can't hurt my feelings.
You know, I said, fantastic.
>> What do you
want to teach him?
What do you want to instill
in him as a young man?
>> I want to instill in
him to be kind to everyone,
to love everybody, to work for
improving people's attitude
towards other people.
Nondiscrimination.
And really, when you
teach him that, I think--
and they can be prosperous
at the same time.
They can be financially
wealthy doing that.
It has worked for me
in the last few years.
I have made more
money since I've
been on this path of
learning about how
to become enlightened.
I mean, I made more money in
one year than I made in 40 years
when I was in the cable
television business driving.
>> Why do you suppose that
is, this kind of success?
>> I think you just let loose.
You just let it go.
You're not attached
to it, again.
You just let it happen.
And you do all of the
things that is right.
>> It's interesting,
isn't it, Mr. Turner,
how people can sense
and recognize integrity.
>> Oh, yes.
Yeah.
In our ads, we would put little
messages in there, you know?
And most of them was
from Dr. Wayne Dyer.
And we put his name in it.
You know, by Dr. Wayne Dyer.
And Deepak, you
know, and whomever.
And we put these little messages
in with our ads, and it says--
it was like, there is
no way to happiness.
Happiness is the way.
And you know, you don't go to
the beach to find happiness.
You don't go to another
country to find it.
You take it with you.
You take it with
you wherever you go.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> William Turner is wealthy
by almost anyone's standards,
but it wasn't always so.
He's the quintessential
self-made man.
After his discharge from the
army following World War II,
he moved quickly to remedy
his lack of formal education.
Then with about
$50 in his pocket,
he found an investor
for what would
become only the second cable
TV system in the country.
Within a year, he'd
repaid his backer
and was at the helm of
a thriving business.
I want to learn a little
bit more about you
as you were growing
up, because I
want to know what
it took to create
the man who sits before me.
I'd like to know a little
bit about your parents.
>> Well, my parents,
we were very poor.
>> You were?
Really?
>> Oh, absolutely.
We lived on a farm.
And guess what we
raised on the farm.
>> Chickens.
>> No.
Well, we had chickens too, but
we had all kinds of animals.
But we raised tobacco.
>> I'm amazed to
hear you say that.
>> Yeah.
And tobacco was our cash crop.
And we raised everything.
We raised wheat, corn, peanuts,
you know, cotton, everything.
But tobacco was our cash.
>> It's so odd to hear
you say that today.
>> And the amazing thing
about it, I thought it was OK.
Because see, I was
brought up that way.
I was educated that way,
conditioned that way.
And so all of us,
whatever our background is
is what we are today because
we saw something there
that we didn't want to do.
In fact, when I was drafted
into the army in 1944--
>> And how old were you then?
>> I was 18.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> And I told my dad I was not
going to come back to the farm.
And when I got out of
the army, I went back,
and I worked in the
farm a little bit.
I helped get the tobacco
in and stuff like that.
But I didn't-- I just left,
and I went out and I went
to school.
>> Mr. Turner, what
was your mother like?
>> My mother was wonderful.
She always loved me, and she was
always holding me in her arms.
And I always felt so
good to sit in her lap
and cuddle with my mother.
My father was-- he wanted
to be a good person,
and he was in certain ways.
But there's many
ways that he wasn't.
He liked to drink a lot.
And when he would get high
every third week or something
like that, he was
difficult to live with,
and he was kind of threatening.
>> Was he an abusive man?
>> He was kind of abusive.
Yeah.
He would whip me really hard.
My mother would
whip me too, but it
wasn't near as hard, you know?
It was a love whip.
>> Well, there's a difference
between whipping with love
and a whipping.
>> Yeah.
And well, you know, my parents
really had no education.
And I didn't get a lot of
basic education myself,
because when I went in
the army, for instance--
see, I could work on a farm,
and we stayed out of school
so much that I
didn't get promoted.
I was 18 years old
in the fifth grade.
>> 18 years old in
the fifth grade.
So did you graduate from--
>> I did take a
correspondence course after--
>> From high school?
>> From high school after
I got out of the army.
Yeah.
And then I went--
I enrolled in Temple
University in Philadelphia,
and I got my broadcasting
education there.
And I finished
three years of it.
I still need to go
back one more year.
>> That's incredible to be 18
years old and in fifth grade.
Was it awkward?
Did you look around
and realize--
>> Yeah.
>> Do you remember that feeling?
>> Oh, yeah.
It was embarrassing.
And so when I was
drafted in the army,
I began to see where I
was lacking in education.
And so I didn't get a lot of--
you know, I still
can't spell today.
[LAUGH]
>> Neither can I, if that
makes you feel any better.
And I worked for
you, Mr. Turner,
so feel better about that.
Were you always fascinated
with technology?
>> Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
I mean, television--
when we were in combat--
and of course, we could
go behind the lines
and see a movie, you know?
It was drive-in.
It was walk-in.
And I saw an excerpt
about television.
I said, my God.
Television.
You mean you can see
someone here in New York,
and you can see them here,
wherever you are, you know?
I mean, how does that work?
>> And you'd never
heard of it before?
>> I had never
heard of it before.
>> You'd never seen it before?
>> No.
I'd just heard of radio.
>> Right.
>> I'd never seen it before.
And I thought, how can they
transmit someone's picture
from a great distance,
and you can see it here?
You know, I was so
curious, I picked up a book
and I started reading
at that moment.
When I was still in
the army in combat,
between shelling the
Japanese and resting,
I would read the book
and how electrons flow.
[LAUGH]
How signals were
transmitted and picked up
and received, detected,
and go to the speaker,
go to the picture tube.
I was reading all of
that stuff back then.
So when I got out, that
why I went to school.
>> You see, to me
that's fascinating,
because almost every time
I see you, still today--
and here you are.
You own this multi-million
dollar company.
You're one of the
most recognized
men in the television industry.
And you are still fascinated.
You're tinkering with
something, or trying
to figure out how it works.
>> Oh, yeah.
Now I'm trying to figure
out how people work,
how your mind works and how your
body works, how your soul works
and how your spirit works.
And you know, what
are we, you know?
We're evolving from then to
something new and different
now, which I look
forward to every day
learning more
about spirituality.
You know, the
mind-body connection.
The mind connected to the body.
The body is connected
to the mind.
What the body feels,
it affects the mind,
and what the mind
thinks affects the body.
And every cell in your
body is a thinking cell.
I mean, Deepak talks about this.
And so it has to be,
because how could one cell--
I mean, you actually replace
98% of every atom, every cell
in your body in a year.
So before-- one cell
can go off into space.
Another one is
generated, is made.
So a cell can make itself,
can make another cell.
>> And is it the same
with our thoughts?
[SIGH]
>> Thoughts come from a
different place, I think.
I think thoughts
come from spirit
or come from the
intuitiveness inside.
What is inside.
You know, I wonder,
sometimes you get quiet,
and you start thinking--
you just get quiet and
peaceful, and an idea comes in.
Where did it come from?
I mean, are we connected
to a mainframe computer
around the Earth, and we're
tapping into the wisdom
of the universe?
>> What do you think?
>> I'm not so sure about that.
I think we might just be
connected to something
in the universe that is--
that's the answer.
I never make a business
decision or any kind of decision
unless I consult my inner
signals, my inner feelings,
my intuitiveness.
And I think it's here,
but it could be out there.
I don't know for sure.
I want to learn more about it.
But I know it works.
I know that inside
feelings work.
You know, for an
instance, let me tell you
about one situation, and
it made a big difference
in our financial situation.
When I started
this business when
we were in the midst of it,
marketing a satellite network
television station to the
satellite dish industry,
we were given the
opportunity to buy franchises
in different
counties in our area
or in the country from DIRECTV
through another company
called NRTC, National Royal
Telecommunication Corporation.
And they want to
sell me this county.
And they said, Bill, now you
can market DIRECTV service
in this county.
You will own it.
You will operate it.
And I said, oh, really?
So I bought one county.
Then I said, I want some more.
I bought four more,
so I had five.
We paid $800,000
for those franchises
to right-- to market this
service in these counties.
Well, we did, and we
advertised, and we went gung ho.
And we built it up
to 6,000 customers.
Not a big deal.
But a company came along,
and we had about a $1,200,000
invested in the thing.
And a company came along
and offered us $8 million.
>> $8 million?
>> Yeah.
Oh yeah.
And we negotiated with them
over a couple of weeks.
And for some reason, I just--
you know, it got to the
point, they were pushing,
and there were some
things in the contract
that I didn't
particularly care about.
And it was on a Friday
night, and they said,
Bill, we've got to do this deal.
Otherwise, Monday's
going to be too late.
And I said, you
know, I don't know,
but I don't want to do it.
>> So you asked your heart.
>> I consulted.
>> You went inside.
>> I went inside.
I felt like, this is not
something that I should do.
>> And something
inside says, no.
>> Said no.
>> OK.
>> So I just--
I just spoke it out.
I said, no.
I'm not going to do it.
And I don't know what it is.
I don't know why.
But I just don't
feel good about it.
I picked up my briefcase at
9 o'clock on a Friday night,
and I came home.
And I told my wife
Brenda, I said, honey,
I turned that deal down.
I said, I just didn't
feel good about it.
She said, well, honey, if
you don't feel good about it,
don't do it.
I said, well--
I went to bed and
slept like a baby.
Got up Monday morning,
went back to the office.
At 10 o'clock, we got a
call from another company,
offered us $10.
$10 million.
We wound up getting $11.
>> How do you think the face of
television would change today
if most of the men and women
in the television industry made
decisions like you do
where you stop, you focus,
you go to your center, and
you answer the question from
our heart?
How different would it be?
>> Oh, it would be different.
It would be a big
difference, because then you
could deal with each
other without contracts.
For the most part, you could
do business with anybody
out there without having
to have a contract.
>> Incredible.
>> Because you trust everybody.
You say, look.
I want it to work for you.
I want it to work for me.
I want it to work for
everybody that's involved,
including-- especially
the public, the people
that we're serving.
We want to work for them.
That's our main objective.
And if we could do that--
I mean, it would be
easy to go negotiate
with Time Warner, or any of
the DBS companies, or anyone
out there if we all would
operate on trusting each other
and knowing--
and I'm not trying to cheat you.
If something changes
tomorrow, we'll say, OK.
Look, this has changed.
Can we change this
and do it this way?
Sure.
You can do those kind of things.
And I think if we all
could get to this point--
you know those three guys
that you interviewed recently?
>> Yes.
>> Deepak's son and John--
>> Robbins and Noah Levine.
>> And Noah Levine, yes.
You see how those three young
people has been brought up
in a family that's spiritual,
that's kind, that's loving,
taking responsibility.
And these three kids
are perfect examples
of what we should do
for the whole world.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In January of 1999, feeling
a bit run down and looking to be
rejuvenated, Bill Turner visited
an alternative medical center
just outside of Boston.
He had no idea he was
about to hear some
of the worst news of his life.
He was diagnosed with lymphoma.
As of this taping,
though, the cancer
is in remission, the result of
chemotherapy, dietary changes,
and no doubt his resilient
spirit and faith.
You've always been
a healthy man.
A year ago, you went to
your doctor for a checkup?
>> Well, I went
to a doctor here,
but they didn't find anything,
so I went to Lancaster.
My wife and I went up to
Lancaster, Massachusetts.
>> But why did you go?
Because you didn't feel well?
Something was off?
>> Well, I was OK.
I wasn't feeling really good.
But we went up there
to be rejuvenated,
you might say, to go
through their program
with their massages and
their herb treatments and
taking the herbs, and so forth.
And I got there, and Dr.
Cocarni, he checked my pulse.
He checked my pulse.
There are three fingers on
my pulse, for an instance,
and each one of them
bounces a certain way.
With that, he was
able to, in effect,
detect there was something
seriously wrong with my body.
And he indicated
this to Dr. Glasser,
and he started checking
me, feeling my stomach,
and checking under my arms and
my neck, and stuff like that.
And he found-- and he felt
a mass of stuff in there.
He said, Bill, we need
to go get this checked.
And I said, well, why?
You know what he said?
Well, you may have something
that we need know what it is.
So we went to the hospital,
and we got it checked.
And it showed that
I did have cancer.
And he suspected that.
So they found my cancer there.
And then he sent me to Boston
Mass General to another--
one of the world's best doctors.
And they gave me four
chemo treatments.
And each one, I'd come back
and stay there at the Lancaster
facility, and they would
give me treatments too
and help me through
the time that--
you know, it was
difficult for me.
>> And were you resistant?
Did you say, I don't
want to do chemo?
>> No.
No, I did not.
I took it, because they
both recommended it.
I said, look.
He said, Bill--
I said, can we cure this
by alternative treatments?
He said, Bill,
it's too far gone.
We need chemo to help us.
We can't guarantee it this
way, but we can help you.
We can assist you.
So I went and got the chemo.
And it was the best thing
I've ever done in this case.
But I think-- I
really think if we
will go to a facility similar
to the Lancaster facility
once a year for one week
or two weeks or three weeks
and take their treatments
and learn how to eat properly
and how to think properly, you
know, and meditate each day, do
your yoga exercise
and all that stuff,
I don't think we would get sick.
I mean, I'm sure some people
are still going to get sick.
But for the most part, I
think the vast majority
of people that would do
that would not get sick.
They could live a life.
What happens to you when you eat
all of these foods that we eat,
which is the regular American
diet for the most part,
we don't digest all that food.
And we drink ice
water, iced tea,
something cold with
our meals, and that
interferes with digestion.
>> I noticed you only
drink warm water.
>> That's correct, because
it's the same temperature
as your body, and it
doesn't cause a reaction.
It doesn't interfere
with digestion.
See, when you don't
digest your food,
it turns out what they call
at Lancaster and [INAUDIBLE],,
it's called ama, A-M-A.
This is a sticky substance
that runs through your veins,
it runs through your body.
And it goes to the
weakest part of your body,
and it stays there and
it creates your disease,
whether that's arthritis,
cancer, or headaches,
high blood pressure.
That's what happens to you
when you don't eat properly
and drink the right liquids.
And you should just drink water.
>> And you must feel such
a difference in your body.
>> Oh, yes.
Yes.
Now that I'm on this program--
I mean, I think
this is really what
got me going from my chemo.
I think that got the big
majority of my disease out
of my body, but the
other part certainly
assisted that tremendously.
And I'm still taking
those treatments,
and I'm still doing my program,
eating for the most part
properly cooked vegetables.
I am now for the most
part a vegetarian.
>> You don't eat any meat?
>> Oh, yes.
I do.
Occasionally, I do eat some
fish and chicken occasionally,
but I'm getting off that too.
But it takes a long time.
>> It does.
You can't just do--
>> You can't just get off meat.
>> Let me ask you
this, Mr. Turner.
When you have an
illness like you had,
you pretty much go
to death's door.
Very close to it.
A lot of people die
of what you had.
>> Yeah.
>> When you are
that close to death,
do you look at the world with
a kind of a fearlessness where
before you were afraid of
things, and now you're not?
>> Right.
I'm not afraid.
I wasn't-- I'm not
afraid of dying.
That doesn't bother
me at all, because I
think that's part of
our living, you know?
So I have accepted
that one of these days,
I'm not going to be here.
And so I won't
have to go to work.
[LAUGH]
But not that I don't
love going to work.
I really do, because what
we're doing at Wisdom channel
I think--
I need to live and help
get that going really good,
and get it spread out to
every home on this Earth,
to every home.
I think that every
home on this earth
should have our
programming in their home.
And that's what--
I mean, it's going
to take a long time to do that.
It's going to take
a lot of money.
But I think the money will come.
>> Well, with an attitude like
yours and with leadership like
yours, I don't think it'll
take as long as you think
it'll take, actually.
>> I sure hope so.
I hope I can do
it in my lifetime.
But if I can just get it so
far out there that it can't
turn around and do something
different and not work,
I'll be happy.
[LAUGH]
I'm going to be happy anyway.
>> I want to go back to
something you were talking
about a minute ago, because I
love to hear you talk about it.
Many people are afraid of death.
Many people are terrified of it.
And if you could
instill in those people
your view of death, I think a
lot of people would be calmer.
>> Yeah.
>> Where do you
find your attitude?
>> Actually, when you die,
I think of it as-- you know,
do you remember anything
when you go to sleep?
>> No, I don't.
>> If you didn't wake
up, would you be sad?
>> No.
>> Well, I mean, you know,
when you think of it that way,
it's OK.
I just don't fear it.
I just don't-- when I was in the
war, I didn't even fear death.
But I didn't understand
it then at all.
I mean, I was strictly a
normal person back then.
I mean, very ignorant.
[LAUGH]
Didn't know what
it was all about.
But I didn't want to be
killed either, you know?
I thought that would be
a bad thing, because I
want to come back home.
I want to work and I want
to accomplish something.
And I look forward-- because
I like dealing with people
and working with people.
And that's the reason I wanted
to come back home from the war.
I didn't want to die in the war.
>> Well, if you have a purpose--
>> Yeah, I had a purpose.
Oh, absolutely, yeah.
I had to come back and
learn about television,
how that worked, you know.
And you know, I was looking
at strictly material things
at that point in
time in my life.
>> You know something else that
I always remark about you, Mr.
Turner?
Let's see if you
can comment on this.
And it's a rare
quality in a man.
You are a man with no secrets.
[LAUGH]
>> Not too many.
>> Really.
I mean, that's my
impression of you.
You talk freely of
things, and sometimes I
think secrets make us sick.
>> Yeah.
I agree.
You're holding it in, and
if you can just let it out,
whatever it might be,
what are you going to do?
What can you say, you know?
I'm sorry I did that if I did
something wrong, you know?
I know better next time.
I've learned from it.
And you go on.
>> Now have you always
been a man of no secrets,
or did you learn?
Now think about that a minute.
>> I think I've always
been pretty much that way,
but I've also learned how to let
go more, you know, and not to--
just say what's on your mind.
You know, no big deal, you know?
I'll do things now
that I wouldn't
have done 10 years ago.
I mean, I'll say
things about myself
that I wouldn't have
said 10 years ago.
>> Like, for example--
>> I've been through--
I've been married
more than once.
>> I believe you've
been married--
[LAUGH]
>> Five times.
>> Five times?
[LAUGH]
>> Yes.
Yes.
I have.
Yeah.
And I used to [INAUDIBLE].
[LAUGH]
That's no big deal anymore.
>> How old are you?
>> I'm 73, and I'll be 74
at the end of this month.
[LAUGH]
>> Mr. Turner, I pray
that I have your attitude
and your zest for life when
I am 73, on my way to 74.
That is my prayer today.
>> Well, you know, all of
my marriages, for instance,
and everything I've done
in life that didn't work,
I learned from them.
Hey, it's a learning experience
and I say, well, you know,
I'm glad I--
I'm not sorry that
I went through that.
I mean, you know, people--
one of these days, you've got
to learn how to work through.
You know, I used to, any time
we had a disagreement, I'd say,
well, I'm going to leave you.
Or you can-- you know,
I want you to leave,
or something like
that, you know?
But now I want to
work through it.
You know, I'm more open
to working through it.
And I'm still having a
little trouble with that.
I mean, my wife and
I get in a little bit
of a discussion about
something, you know,
I begin to feel
like, you know, God,
you know, I don't
want to do this.
But I want to work
through it now.
>> Yes.
You do something differently.
What do you do now?
You stop?
>> We talk.
We talk about it.
>> We're able now
to talk about it.
And I think that's
the key to it,
to understanding and
explaining the whole thing,
not holding anything back.
And just say, well,
I felt this way.
She felt this way.
OK.
Honey, we can learn
from this and go on.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> When William Turner
launched Wisdom back in 1997,
the television station was on
the air for only a few hours
a day, but now it's
a different story.
Now, it's 24 hours a
day, seven days a week,
along with Wisdom Radio
and Wisdom Internet,
featuring some of today's
best known thinkers
in the areas of body,
mind, and spirit.
And Wisdom is growing quickly.
In all, Turner Vision
and Wisdom Media Group
employ more than
500 people right
here in the unlikely
media boom town
of Bluefield, West Virginia.
One of the things that
a lot of people respect
and love about
you, Mr. Turner, is
that you have a capacity to love
this huge extended family you
have.
I mean, you have--
>> Unconditionally love.
To unconditional love.
It has to be unconditional.
Otherwise, you always find
reasons not to love someone,
and you always find
reasons to hate someone.
So you've got to drop
all of the things
about anybody that
you don't particularly
care about or rather
it wasn't there.
You've still got to
love them without that.
You're a person.
You're a human being.
You're a wonderful human being.
There's good in you.
You know, I know we've got
500 something employees.
I go out sometimes and find out
something that they have done.
You know, somebody has
done something good.
And I go out, and I pat them
on the shoulder and say,
I heard something good
about you the other day.
And I say, I just want you to
know I really appreciate it.
You are fantastic.
Pat them on the shoulder.
Not even tell them what it was.
They say, what was it?
I says, I'm not
going to tell you.
And go on.
You know what I mean?
But it perks them up.
One follow one day--
this guy.
We had a customer call.
And he says, you know,
my satellite system
has been getting bad
for the last few days,
and now it's gone altogether.
I can't get any pictures.
And of course, we
offer the customer
free technical support.
>> Free?
>> Yeah.
>> Even I didn't know
that, and I work for you.
>> We offer free technical
support with our satellite
customers, you know?
Even if they aren't our
customer, we will help them.
And some of the other companies
say, called Turner Vision,
and they'll help you with
your technical support.
Anyway, this lady
called up one day.
She says, you know,
my satellite's
been getting bad for the
last three or four days.
It's gone altogether now.
So he went through
all the diagnostics.
Told her, punch this button.
Punch that button.
All the numbers came up.
And he says, you know
something, Mrs. Jones?
I don't know what's
wrong with your TV.
But go out and look
under your LNB.
[LAUGH]
What is your LNB?
Low noise block
converter, you know?
And see if there's a wasp nest,
a bird nest, or trash under it.
So she said, OK.
So she went out, and there was
a wasp nest that had built up
underneath her LNB,
and blocking the signal
from coming in so she could
receive it on her TV set.
And she got a broom,
and she knocked it out.
And she came back in the house.
He looked at the
TV, and it was fine.
She calls him back.
She says, you're not
going to believe this,
but you were right.
It was a wasp's nest.
Thank you so much.
Now you know that
person's going to be
a customer for a long time.
>> Forever.
>> Yeah.
>> And we do that kind of thing
for all of them that call us,
you know.
And she said, you saved me $50.
So you see, if you're in
business, for heaven's sakes,
do what's right
for your customer.
And do it with happiness.
Do it with gladness.
Do it with enthusiasm.
And say, Mrs. Jones,
I am tickled to death
that we found your trouble.
Call us back any time you
have any more trouble.
>> Mr. Turner, do people ever
think you're related to Ted
Turner?
[LAUGH]
>> Yes.
[LAUGHTER]
>> I've always wanted
to ask you that.
>> Yes.
Yes.
Yeah, I got a little
story with that.
When I named my company back
in 1986, I believe it was--
>> Turner Vision.
--from Welch Antenna Company,
which was a cable company
name--
>> Yeah.
--Turner wanted to use that
same name, but I already had it.
And a friend of mine
that works there said,
no, you can't use Turner Vision,
because Bill Turner's already
got it.
Then I got a call from
one of their people,
and sort of kind
of threatened me
with the idea of
changing my name.
I says, look.
I'm older than Ted.
I had my name first.
All I attached
onto it was Vision.
Turner Vision.
And as far as I'm concerned,
he can change his name.
And she says, Mr. Turner, how
would it be if we both used it?
And we signed a little
agreement to that effect.
I says, fine.
That'd be fine.
I have no problem with that.
So they sent me one.
My attorney looked at it.
He made a little change into
it, sent it back to them.
And we've been operating
like that ever since.
>> Do you ever run into him?
>> Oh, I haven't seen
Ted in probably--
well, since he and
Jane got married.
>> That was 10 years ago.
>> Just before they got married,
I saw him and we talked.
And I used to go to his
ballgames a lot in Atlanta,
and his parties
and all that stuff.
We used to have
parties together.
We used to go out, you know,
to conventions together,
all like that.
But I haven't talked
to him in many years.
I mean, now I can't
even get on the floor
where his office is located.
[LAUGHTER]
>> As we enter the year
2000-- we're already here.
>> Yes.
>> What do you see coming up
in the world of television?
How will it change?
People talk about the internet
and television changing
and programming and cable.
How do you see those changes?
>> Well, of course, it's a
lot of digital programming now
going on.
Digital everything.
Everything is going digital.
And the internet would
be digi-- everything
is going to be digital, and
that's going to allow thousands
of more channels and
more programming,
more options to choose
from in the future.
And your TV set is going to
be your computer combined
with television.
It's going to be
television and computer.
You'll be able to order.
You'll be able to do everything
with your television set.
And far as the
internet is concerned,
you don't have a separate
computer for your internet
and a TV for TV.
It'll be combined.
>> Sounds so futuristic.
>> Oh, it is now,
but it won't later.
It'll be a common thing.
It'll be-- you know,
Dustin, this little fellow,
he's eight years old now.
Nine years, maybe.
He said, Grandpa, what
if 1,000 years ago--
1,000 years ago, we
are what we are now?
He said, what would
it be like now?
I said, wow.
Far as I can look
at that, Dustin,
we could probably fly
without airplanes.
We could appear in
places, you know?
We could be like
Jesus, you know?
We'd be so enlightened.
We could appear in places.
I says, I think by the end,
you'll be able to do that.
>> 100 years from now when you
and I are both gone, people,
I believe, will still
be talking about you.
What do you think people
will be saying about you?
What do you hope--
>> I don't.
I don't, really.
I don't really care.
[LAUGH]
>> Oh, Mr. Turner, you care.
Think about that.
Think about it.
>> Well, you know, I guess I do.
I want them to say
something nice about me.
That's fine.
But if they say something
bad about me, that's OK too.
I don't think about that.
Very few people go through life
without having someone to think
some bad thoughts about them.
Because you know, sometimes we
lay off people at the company
because they aren't
performing, and they can
have some hate in that respect.
But we want to teach them not to
hate, because that hurts them.
If you hate someone--
you know, when I talk to
the employees sometimes,
before I got sick, I
was talking to them.
Every group that came
in was a new group
of people working
for our company.
I would talk to them, and I
would ask them all, I said,
is there anyone in
your life that you
don't like just a little bit?
You know, 60% of
their hands go up.
I said, wow.
I said, really?
I says, I want to tell
you how to fix that.
I says, in your own mind,
just send them love.
You don't have to write.
You don't have to call.
In your own mind,
just send them love.
And guess what?
You'll feel better.
You just send them love.
That's all.
>> So forgiveness
is a very big part--
>> Oh, you must forgive.
You must forgive.
Yes.
And yeah.
It's very important to forgive.
You can't function.
You're going to
create your sickness.
You're going to create your
cancer if you don't forgive.
You've got to get it out.
You've got to let your body,
every cell in your body
be in love with each
other and everybody else.
And just-- you
don't judge people.
You don't judge
them because they've
done something wrong last week
or last year or 20 years ago.
I mean, I don't judge you.
I just-- I see you as a
wonderful person right now.
That's all.
And that's the way it is.
What you've done in
your past is immaterial.
I don't judge it.
I just see everybody's
great, wonderful.
And what you should
do in life and when
you're dealing with
all your employees,
all of the people on this
Earth, look for the good
in each one of them.
No matter how bad they might
be, there's some good in them.
Go and complement that good.
And that's what we'll grow.
If you look for the bad and
you complain about that,
then that's what's
going to grow.
So be careful what
you think about,
because what you think
about is going to grow.
And that's what you're
going to become.
So think good thoughts, kind
thoughts, loving thoughts.
Detachment.
All of these things makes
life really wonderful.
I mean, good.
[LAUGH]
>> Mr. Turner, I thank you
for this extraordinary,
remarkable conversation.
>> Oh, thank you very much.
>> Thank you.
>> I love you.
>> I love you too.
[LAUGH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]